docs(v2): aggregator (#694)
Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go: aggregator/README.md

1. **Create the aggregator configuration**: Create a `aggregator.Config` struct
    - Config fields:
        - `RegistryCoordinatorAddress`: The address of the AVS registry coordinator
        - `OperatorStateRetrieverAddress`: The address of the operator state retriever
        - `ServiceManagerAddress`: The address of the service manager
        - `EthHttpUrl`: The URL of the Ethereum HTTP RPC
        - `EthWsUrl`: The URL of the Ethereum WebSocket
        - `EcdsaPrivateKey`: The Ecdsa private key used by the aggregator to build the avs registry reader and subscriber
        - `AggregatorServerIpPortAddr`: The IP and port of the aggregator for listening for RPC calls

        ```go
            cfg := aggregator.Config{
                RegistryCoordinatorAddress:    common.HexToAddress("0x7bc06c482dead17c0e297afbc32f6e63d3846650"),
                OperatorStateRetrieverAddress: common.HexToAddress("0x4c5859f0f772848b2d91f1d83e2fe57935348029"),
                EthHttpUrl:                    ethHttpUrl,
                EthWsUrl:                      "ws://localhost:8545",
                AggregatorServerIpPortAddr:    "localhost:8090",
            }
        ```

> 2. **Provide a Task Processor**: Provide a struct implementing the `TaskProcessor` interface. This interface contains user-defined logic to handle new tasks, signed responses, and the final aggregated result. We provide a standard `IndexingTaskProcessor` implementation that can be used as is for most cases, you can create it usig the `NewIndexingTaskProcessor` builder from `taskprocessor` package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Provide a Task Processor**: Provide a struct implementing the `TaskProcessor` interface. This interface contains user-defined logic to handle new tasks, signed responses, and the final aggregated result. We provide a standard `IndexingTaskProcessor` implementation that can be used as is for most cases, you can create it using the `NewIndexingTaskProcessor` constructor from `taskprocessor` package:
```

1. **RPC Server Process**:

    - Runs a RPC-based server that listens for incoming operator responses
    - When an operator submits a signed task response, the Aggregator forwards the signature to the BLS aggregation service.

2. **Task Monitoring Process**:

    - Subscribes to blockchain events for new tasks
    - When a new task is detected, it creates a task metadata record
    - Sends the task metadata to the BLS Aggregation Service to begin signature collection

3. **Aggregation Process**:

    - Listens for aggregated results from the BLS aggregation service
    - When enough signatures are collected (meeting the quorum threshold), processes the result
    - Submits the aggregated signature along with information about non-signing operators to the blockchain

This flow ensures tasks are initialized, signatures collected, and the final response confirmed and forwarded to the AVS logic.

## How to Set Up an Aggregator

1. **Task Manager ABI**: Get the ABI of the task manager from your bindings.

    ```go
        taskManagerAbi, err := cstaskmanager.ContractIncredibleSquaringTaskManagerMetaData.GetAbi()
    ```

> 2. **Task Manager Definition**: Create a `taskManagerContractWrapper` struct that implements the `TaskManager` interface, which already implements `TaskResponder` one.

Reviewer 2: Ending with “one” sounds weird to me. 

What do you think about this sentence? 
```suggestion
2. **Task Manager Definition**: Create a `taskManagerContractWrapper` struct that implements the `TaskManager` interface, which also embeds the `TaskResponder` interface.
```

>     - In the AVS examples we use a default task manager contract wrapper, that implements the interface, that can be created with the `NewTaskManagerFromAbi` function from `taskmanager` package, that creates a task manager contract wrapper from the task manager address and abi, a tx manager and an eth HTTP client.

Reviewer 2: I think this section isn’t very clear. Maybe we could rewrite it like this:

```
- In the AVS examples, we use the standard `taskManagerContractWrapper` struct, which implements the required interface.  
- You can create it using `NewTaskManagerFromAbi` from the `taskmanager` package.
```
Do you think it’s necessary to mention the parameters? I think the code makes it clear enough.

Author: Yes, they are not really necessary, changed in [c326c76](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/694/commits/c326c76138584ca98dc327a8bb1ca4396a3d6f60)

        - `ServiceManagerAddress`: The address of the service manager
        - `EthHttpUrl`: The URL of the Ethereum HTTP RPC
        - `EthWsUrl`: The URL of the Ethereum WebSocket
        - `EcdsaPrivateKey`: The Ecdsa private key used by the aggregator to build the avs registry reader and subscriber
        - `AggregatorServerIpPortAddr`: The IP and port of the aggregator for listening for RPC calls

        ```go
            cfg := aggregator.Config{
                RegistryCoordinatorAddress:    common.HexToAddress("0x7bc06c482dead17c0e297afbc32f6e63d3846650"),
                OperatorStateRetrieverAddress: common.HexToAddress("0x4c5859f0f772848b2d91f1d83e2fe57935348029"),
                ServiceManagerAddress:         common.HexToAddress("0x5f3f1dbd7b74c6b46e8c44f98792a1daf8d69154"),
                EthHttpUrl:                    ethHttpUrl,
                EthWsUrl:                      "ws://localhost:8545",
                EcdsaPrivateKey:               ecdsaPrivateKey,
                AggregatorServerIpPortAddr:    "localhost:8090",
            }
        ```

4. **Task Processor Definition**: Create a struct implementing the `TaskProcessor` interface:

>     - This is a trait that contains user-defined logic to handle new tasks, signed responses, and the final aggregated result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - This is a interface that contains user-defined logic to handle new tasks, signed responses, and the final aggregated result.
```

>     - We provide a standard `IndexingTaskProcessor` implementation that can be used as is for most cases. Its builder, `NewIndexingTaskProcessor` from `taskprocessor` package, receives a logger to put the logs and the task responder created below.

Reviewer 2: Same here, I feel it’s unnecessary to mention the params

Author: Done in [2480cb7](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/694/commits/2480cb75a73a3fd0d277bb8929b67bfb088f5611)

2. **Task Monitoring Process**:

    - Subscribes to blockchain events for new tasks
    - When a new task is detected, it creates a task metadata record
    - Sends the task metadata to the BLS Aggregation Service to begin signature collection

3. **Aggregation Process**:

    - Listens for aggregated results from the BLS aggregation service
    - When enough signatures are collected (meeting the quorum threshold), processes the result
    - Submits the aggregated signature along with information about non-signing operators to the blockchain

This flow ensures tasks are initialized, signatures collected, and the final response confirmed and forwarded to the AVS logic.

## How to Set Up an Aggregator

1. **Task Manager ABI**: Get the ABI of the task manager from your bindings.

    ```go
        taskManagerAbi, err := cstaskmanager.ContractIncredibleSquaringTaskManagerMetaData.GetAbi()
    ```

2. **Task Manager Definition**: Create a `taskManagerContractWrapper` struct that implements the `TaskManager` interface, which also embeds the `TaskResponder` interface.

>     - In the AVS examples, we use the standard `taskManagerContractWrapper` struct, which implements the required interface.

Reviewer: Let's avoid mentioning `taskManagerContractWrapper` in the documentation. Since it's a private type, users don't need to know about it.

Also, this part is a bit confusing. Is "Create" meant as in "Declare a new struct", or as in "Instantiate the struct"?

Author: Rewrote that section in [2487ea5](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/694/commits/2487ea58b051e359201b31ab108a6026315d20f1)

        - `OperatorStateRetrieverAddress`: The address of the operator state retriever
        - `ServiceManagerAddress`: The address of the service manager
        - `EthHttpUrl`: The URL of the Ethereum HTTP RPC
        - `EthWsUrl`: The URL of the Ethereum WebSocket
        - `EcdsaPrivateKey`: The Ecdsa private key used by the aggregator to build the avs registry reader and subscriber
        - `AggregatorServerIpPortAddr`: The IP and port of the aggregator for listening for RPC calls

        ```go
            cfg := aggregator.Config{
                RegistryCoordinatorAddress:    common.HexToAddress("0x7bc06c482dead17c0e297afbc32f6e63d3846650"),
                OperatorStateRetrieverAddress: common.HexToAddress("0x4c5859f0f772848b2d91f1d83e2fe57935348029"),
                ServiceManagerAddress:         common.HexToAddress("0x5f3f1dbd7b74c6b46e8c44f98792a1daf8d69154"),
                EthHttpUrl:                    ethHttpUrl,
                EthWsUrl:                      "ws://localhost:8545",
                EcdsaPrivateKey:               ecdsaPrivateKey,
                AggregatorServerIpPortAddr:    "localhost:8090",
            }
        ```

> 4. **Task Processor Definition**: Create a struct implementing the `TaskProcessor` interface:

Reviewer: We should in another PR add documentation on how someone would go about adding a custom implementation
